To say that curling doing aligned first sight very much Hello now handle
I bought so as not to pull this
Well, I mentioned 6 points of jump in the last animation mentioned through
Wait taught by say I did not know a mess I got was you But where 100 or
I
Isnâ's Tachine
Soshitara I look I was this screen the last minute this was
There are 8 tickets for standing tickets to the bottom swimwear festival you've come out of .
It called eight score Hey that the viewer's jump gave me four
It's already great, they are
He is wonderful
I would like to play with that , but summer is the end
It says Iro look because would stab the guys swimsuit
Givin 8 times Yossha Let's go
Because there is no sound had re-圧弾 of this pretend too
Follower N'matched tend swimsuit And with a little now
It is said that
I wonder if it also becomes winter specification blowing what morning I
Let's go for the second time
Mizui at Gachi
To participate
It came Tits who came Wow
4th
You don't even need to swim
Or rather swimsuit
We go to the store clerk 5 times of wi's house
I wore it
6th
Put on
What this 7th
Not a Toka there is only kind of my child wears
I can go last
Thank you for not having hob tore or three kinds not come out
Volvo
goo